[2834][ADD] website_form_other_information_message (#243)
qrtl/mi7-custom: website_form_other_information_message/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module sends new separate mail for the entire description if there is other information
in description (custom input in website form).

Background
~~~~~~~~~~

> In auto reply email of records, other information is not included in the message and can't search
> other information with base_search_mail_content module.

Reviewer: In an attempt to make it clearer...
```suggestion
When a visitor submits a online form, an auto-reply email is sent out to the visitor, however the
message body does not include the custom content from the form due to the process sequence
in _insert_record() method of WebsiteForm.

This causes inconvenience when you expect to be able to search the created Odoo record by
custom content using base_search_mail_content.  This module intends to get rid of this
inconvenience by adding to the record a message with custom content.
```
